 How do I update my user name or password?Expand

Log in to your account
Select 'edit your account'
Click 'information and password'
Update your information
Need a new password? 
Contact aa.com technical support for more help 
 What passwords aren’t accepted?Expand
Our security partner analyzes and identifies passwords that may be compromised on the web. Compromised passwords can’t be used to join AAdvantage® or change your password.

 How do I update my personal information?Expand
Contact us to change your name or birth date. You'll need to send us related documents for your request.

Contact American 

You can update your personal information like your home address or phone number online.

Update your profile 

 I have questions about my account. Where should I go?Expand
Visit the account summary in your AAdvantage® account to view your progress toward AAdvantage® status, upcoming trips and program news. Your account shows your award miles balance and any available rewards. If you still have questions:

Contact AAdvantage® Customer Service 

 How do I get my AAdvantage® card?Expand
Download the American Airlines app to see your card or print it at aa.com/youraccount. Please note that AAdvantage® status membership cards cannot be printed.

 When are miles credited to my account?Expand

For airline travel: Travel on American is credited to your account 1–3 days from your date of travel. Allow 15 days for credit from other AAdvantage® partner airlines.
For other partner transactions: Miles earned from other AAdvantage® partners are generally credited within 30 days. Occasionally, miles will take longer to post.
 How can I keep my miles from expiring?Expand
Just earn or redeem miles on American or with an AAdvantage® partner at least once every 24 months. We’ll automatically extend your mileage expiration date 24 months from the date of your most recent qualifying activity.

Your AAdvantage® account shows the number of miles you have and the earliest date they could expire. If you are under 21 years of age, you are not subject to the 24-month qualifying activity period. Once you turn 21 years of age, you will be subject to the 24-month activity period and must have mileage earning or redeeming activity within 24 months of your 21st birthday in order to retain your miles. The account profile must contain a valid birth date to be excluded from the 24-month activity rule.

Primary AAdvantage® credit cardmembers will not be subject to the 24-month qualifying activity period for as long as their card account is open.

AAdvantage® terms and conditions 

 Why didn't I have the option to pay for my bags online?Expand
You can only pay for bags online starting 24 hours and up to 4 hours before departure if you're flying within and between the U.S., including Hawaii, Alaska and select Caribbean cities.

 How do I pay for my bags online before traveling?Expand
You can pay for up to 3 checked bags on aa.com or in the app when you check in (starting 24 hours and up to 4 hours before departure). We'll send an email confirmation with instructions on where to drop bags at the airport.

If you are checking more than 3 bags, you can add more at the airport according to your bag allowances.

 If I already paid for bags online, can I add and pay for more bags online later?Expand
No, after you paid for bags online you can’t add more later. You can check more bags at the airport according to your bag allowances. Checked bag fees may apply.

 Can I pay for bags over the phone?Expand
You can only pay for bags on aa.com, in the app or at the airport.

 Will I still get my free bags as an elite status member or cardholder?Expand
Yes; indicate you plan to check bags when you check in on aa.com or in the app. Our system will recognize any free bag allowances.

 Can I pay for bags for multiple people on the same reservation?Expand
Yes. For example, if 4 passengers on the same reservation choose to pay for 4 bags, they'll be charged the first checked bag fee of $30 each, for a total of $120. This rate is lower than the charge for one person checking 4 bags.

 Can military passengers receive free bags?Expand

Yes, when they travel on a military fare. If you’re not traveling on a military fare show your military ID at the check-in counter to receive free bags.

 What if my flight is canceled?Expand

The standard bag refund policy would apply.

 Can I pay pet fees online?Expand

You must pay checked and carry-on pet fees at the airport.

 If I pay for more bags than I end up taking, can I get a refund?Expand
No; if you pay for your bags online the bag fees are non-refundable.

 Can I make changes to my flight?Expand
You can make changes to your flight based on the rules of your ticket. Checked bag fees will carry over to your new trip in most cases.

Checked bag fees you paid are non-refundable if you cancel your trip and if you buy or get an upgrade that includes free checked bags.

Curbside check-in
 When should I arrive at the airport for curbside check-in?Expand

We recommend you arrive to the airport at least 2 hours before domestic flights to allow plenty of time to check in and clear security before scheduled departure. If you're using curbside check-in, allow yourself at least 45 additional minutes.

 How do I request a refund if I believe I’ve been overcharged?Expand

Service fees are non-refundable, but if you've been incorrectly charged for bag fees paid at a Bags Inc. curbside concierge location (generally indicated with Bags Inc. uniformed employees), contact Bags Inc. at 407-284-1231 or through this link.